most of our radios are guides how to do
a speed run in a clean way and therefore
we never use any bugs or exploit use the
smooth tactic how 2 million things in
guild wars nothing against exploits I
don't look down at people that use it I
just want you guys to know that you
can't expect to see that in our videos
whether it's getting into a wall or
mountain we're using fgs or beer for no
matter how good or bad they work so the
video is not to point a finger at anyone
if you think that lots of people keep
commenting on each video we put up that
would be faster if you step geist when
you about beer for long before fgs went
viral but always gift in an hour he'll
not because we said we would just that
there's been no reason showing it in our
video since again that's not what our
guides are for at least not on this
channel never been in everywhere and
people have been following us since the
beginning do know that and I would think
that's the reason why those people
subscribed in the first place so to make
it clear for everyone why we're not
using a kiss made a comparison to
something that has this same mechanics
that fgs something we knew about for
long but have not been shown by us not
because one it is a secret just because
of never finding a new before i posted
it that people will raise over this
video some have good points but most
people just close their ears and don't
listen to what is said in the video
that's a normal reaction though when you
hear something you don't want to hear i
do it myself a simple human thing to do
but that's not the audience i was
looking for in the first place is our
first video it's about tactics and how
you can interface with different skills
in order to ease things up for your
party once again never a bug or exploit
since those are unreliable and it's not
my intent to show off their simple
enough calendar their skills some people
like to shoot in a game i never did if
you disagree that's fine but now it's
out there and you never need to question
why we didn't use that or went through
that wall again the videos ain't made
for you fear not the audience we seek
anyway for those who enjoy our video for
what it is thanks for all the support
from all of us
bye and this channel will keep the same
standards as it always has smiley face